                       Rosetta-Engine-Generic
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

CONTENTS

* Preface
* Keeping Up To Date
* Dependencies
* Support
* License And Copyright
* Acknowledgements

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named
"Rosetta::Engine::Generic"; see the file lib/Rosetta/Engine/Generic.pm for
the main documentation, which is in POD format.  The distribution also
includes a ChangeLog file to say what changes already happened, and a TODO
file to say what changes have yet to happen.  The file INSTALL should help
with installation issues.  Read below for how to get support or keep up to
date, know this distribution's dependencies, or read the credits or
copyright and license.

This distribution requires a live database to be tested against.  To gain
the best understanding of whether Rosetta::Engine::Generic will work with
your preferred database engine and/or working environment, you should edit
this distribution's test configuration file "t_setup.pl" prior to running
'make test' and/or 'perl Makefile.PL'.  The setup details that you input
should match a visible database engine that you have full privileges on,
including the ability to create schema objects, and select or modify data.
If you do not edit "t_setup.pl", such as when you are a fully-automatic
CPAN tester, then the test suite will use the newest SQLite v3 database
engine by default, and the executed tests will only be as thorough as the
SQLite v3 feature set supports.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/", on the
page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge, I now have a
public Subversion repository at "http://svn.utsl.gen.nz/trunk/Rosetta/";
this repository contains all of my newer modules (whose problem domain is
databases), but not my older modules (which are not about databases).

You can download slightly older but more stable versions of all of my
modules in standard tarred and gzipped distributions, either from the
public CPAN archives, "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
from my own web server, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is
"http://search.cpan.org/", and my own DUNCAND author page is
"http://search.cpan.org/~duncand/"; distributions are also there.

You can download my oldest distributions from BACKPAN, at
"http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my web
server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/".

DEPENDENCIES

This distribution requires any version of Perl 5.x.y that is at least
5.8.1.

It also requires the Perl modules 'version' and 'only', which would
conceptually be built-in to Perl, but aren't, so they are on CPAN instead.

It also requires the Perl module List::Util, which would conceptually be
built-in to Perl, but is bundled with it instead.

It also requires these modules that are on CPAN: Rosetta '0.71.0-',
Rosetta::Validator '0.71.0-' (but only for the test suite),
Rosetta::Utility::SQLBuilder '0.22.0-', Rosetta::Utility::SQLParser '0.3.0-', DBI
'1.48-', DBD::SQLite '1.09-' (default database engine used by the test
suite), various DBI Driver (DBD) modules.

This distribution also requires Test::More for its test suite, and that
module is bundled with Perl.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists,
newsgroups, or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things
out on your own, or another person whom you know has used this.  I may
start a mailing list for support issues later, so that users of my modules
can help each other with them.

LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

This file is part of the Rosetta::Engine::Generic feature reference
implementation of the Rosetta database portability library.

Rosetta::Engine::Generic is Copyright (c) 2002-2005, Darren R. Duncan.  All
rights reserved.  Address comments, suggestions, and bug reports to
perl@DarrenDuncan.net, or visit http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/ for more
information.

Rosetta::Engine::Generic is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as
published by the Free Software Foundation (http://www.fsf.org/); either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  You
should have received a copy of the GPL as part of the
Rosetta::Engine::Generic distribution, in the file named "GPL"; if not,
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor,
Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

Linking Rosetta::Engine::Generic statically or dynamically with other
modules is making a combined work based on Rosetta::Engine::Generic.  Thus,
the terms and conditions of the GPL cover the whole combination.  As a
special exception, the copyright holders of Rosetta::Engine::Generic give
you permission to link Rosetta::Engine::Generic with independent modules,
regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and to copy
and distribute the resulting combined work under terms of your choice,
provided that every copy of the combined work is accompanied by a complete
copy of the source code of Rosetta::Engine::Generic (the version of
Rosetta::Engine::Generic used to produce the combined work), being
distributed under the terms of the GPL plus this exception.  An independent
module is a module which is not derived from or based on
Rosetta::Engine::Generic, and which is fully useable when not linked to
Rosetta::Engine::Generic in any form.

Any versions of Rosetta::Engine::Generic that you modify and distribute
must carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the
date of any changes, in addition to preserving this original copyright
notice and other credits.  Rosetta::Engine::Generic is distributed in the
hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

While it is by no means required, the copyright holders of
Rosetta::Engine::Generic would appreciate being informed any time you
create a modified version of Rosetta::Engine::Generic that you are willing
to distribute, because that is a practical way of suggesting improvements
to the standard version.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

None besides myself so far.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
